fix: remove G1 refernces in gpu-computing page (#23)
CESNET/cloud-platforms-docs: content/docs/technical-reference/brno-g2-site/gpu-computing.mdx

Reviewer: Let's change the table and drop columns total nodes and GPUs per node.

List following four GPUs (in the order):
NVIDIA L40S
NVIDIA A40
NVIDIA T4
NVIDIA GeForce GTX 2080

Each model should have link to nvidia product spec page. No need to distinguish NVIDIA GeForce GTX 2080 / NVIDIA GeForce GTX 2080 Ti.

---

> On this page, you can find a static list of GPUs offered in Metacentrum Cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On this page, you can find a static list of GPU models offered in Metacentrum Cloud and dynamic list of current allocations.
```

- (*) experimental use in academic environment.

> - (**) There are currently operating system limitations of VM servers attaching GPU device. Supported are Debian 10 and Centos 7.

Reviewer: this note is no longer valid let's remove it

> 

Reviewer: Add:

To understand our flavor schema read first flavor schema article.

link to https://docs.platforms.cloud.e-infra.cz/en/docs/technical-reference/brno-g2-site/flavors#what-is-the-right-flavor-for-mine-project

> Current GPU usage can be viewed on [GPU overview dashboard](https://cloud.gitlab-pages.ics.muni.cz/g2/flavors-page/) (valid e-infra/MUNI identity needed).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Current GPU usage can be viewed on [GPU overview dashboard](https://cloud.gitlab-pages.ics.muni.cz/g2/flavors-page/) (valid e-infra/MUNI identity needed) (see `a3.*` GPU flavors).
```
